document overriding ciphers blocked in Java (#490)
PrismLauncher/prismlauncher.org: src/wiki/help-pages/Miscellaneous.md

---
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Miscellaneous
  parent: Help pages
--- 

## Fix crash with recent Java 8 versions for old forge modpacks

> This applies to old forge modpacks that crashed during standup with the new version of java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This applies to old Forge modpacks that crashed on startup with the new versions of Java.
```

The crash may look as follows:

```text
2024-02-28 10:35:15 [SEVERE] [Forestry] myrathi.flatsigns.FlatSigns failed validation. Halting runtime for security reasons. Please replace your mods with untampered versions from the official download sites.
```

```text
2024-02-28 10:31:56 [SEVERE] [ForgeModLoader] The minecraft jar file:/home/********/.var/app/org.prismlauncher.PrismLauncher/data/PrismLauncher/libraries/com/mojang/minecraft/1.6.4/minecraft-1.6.4-client.jar!/net/minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever.class appears to be corrupt! There has been CRITICAL TAMPERING WITH MINECRAFT, it is highly unlikely minecraft will work! STOP NOW, get a clean copy and try again!
```

```text
2023-01-23 16:10:09 [SEVERE] [Forestry] ic2.core.IC2 failed validation. Halting runtime for security reasons. Please replace your mods with untampered versions from the official download sites.
```

### Solution

> 1. Create a file inside the instance minecraft(`.minecraft`/`minecraft`) folder with the following content:

Reviewer 2: If possible, please specify what this file needs to be called, as it is a bit unclear here

Author: sure thing, and thank you I forgot about that completely.
Let me know if you find anything that is missing.
